DEVDOCS-2081: Dev Center | Theme Docs | Catalog Price Object Examples (#579)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/developing-further/catalog-price-object.md

  }
```

In this example:

* `without_tax` - this property maps to the control panel’s **Default Price** field.
* `rrp_without_tax` - `rrp` stands for "regular retail price." This property maps to the control panel's **MSRP** field.

> * `saved` -  this property is the difference between the existing values for `without_tax` (**Default Price**) and `rrp_without_tax` (**MSRP**).

Reviewer: these properties would look better in a table.

Stencil structures product prices for backward compatibility with the BigCommerce platform's traditional treatment of prices. This behavior enables you to add logic that determines whether to display a strikeout price on the storefront.

The example below tests for the presence of the `sale_price_without_tax` property. (You could also look for the `sale_price_with_tax` property.) The presence of the `sale_price_without_tax` property means that the product has been given a sale price.

With the logic below, the page will display a strikeout standard price next to the **Sale Price** field, indicating the current selling price of the product.

<div class="HubBlock-header">
    <div class="HubBlock-header-title flex items-center">
        <div class="HubBlock-header-name">Conditional logic </div>
    </div><div class="HubBlock-header-subtitle"></div>
</div>

<!--
title: "Conditional logic "
subtitle: ""
lineNumbers: true
-->

```
  {{#or price.sale_price_without_tax price.sale_price_with_tax}}
     ... [code to display on-sale strikeout pricing or content for a discounted product]  ...
  {{/or}}
```

## Catalog price object examples including and excluding tax

> Depending on how the store has been set up in the control panel’s **Store Setup** > **Tax** > **Tax Settings** > **Configure Tax Display Settings**, the `price` object will display prices in one of the following ways:

Reviewer: You can hyper link the navigation path using `https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage/` -- when someone navigates to the url, they'll login to their control panel, then be taken to the control panel page specified by the part of the url after `manage`.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on the store’s  [**Tax Display Settings**](https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage/settings/tax/settings), the `price` object will display prices in one of the following ways:

```

}
```

In this example:

* `with_tax` - this property represents the `without_tax` value plus a 10% tax markup.

> * `rrp_with_tax` - this property represents the `rrp_without_tax` value plus a 10% tax markup.

Reviewer: might look better as a table

Author: ```suggestion
* `rrp_with_tax` - this property represents the `rrp_without_tax` value plus a 10% tax markup.

```

}
```

In this example:

| Property | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| `non_sale_price_with_tax` | This property represents the standard store price with tax.|
| `non_sale_price_without_tax` | This property represents the standard store price without tax.|
| `sale_price_with_tax` and `sale_price_without_tax` | These properties represent the product's defined sale price.|
| `saved` | This value is based on the difference between the `with_tax` and `non_sale_price_with_tax` values.|

## Control panel quick reference

The table below explains the mapping between the control panel fields and the catalog price object properties and values.

| Field | Catalog Price Object Property | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |

> | Default Price (excluding tax) |<ul><li><b>Sale Price</b> is defined:</li> <code>{{ product.price.non_sale_price_without_tax }}</code><li><b>Sale Price</b> is not defined:</li> <code>{{ product.price.without_tax }}</code></ul>| The standard store price for the product. |

Reviewer 2: Code isn't appearing for this section
